the galley is not
after Sunday 18 the party to the sound of
rain and dust talk here lg x110 cmc
997 make cleaning dust strip such
riding with her is already there day front
since there is enough work here with
very careful
everything on her account and ride this young man
is disassembled assembly of it and ready
there to do that I left here
to make a video for you guys riding
How is she going to be the procedure?
contact 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 12
standard screws and an allen wrench
This is the key, and I do not know how to talk.
correct numbering but if you buy the
kit I have already seen this key to
disassembling it
The model I saw on the internet offers
assembly that box was different from the
cast that she had another box that
there was
the pilot himself had screw here and
the one that does not have so much that the
this front wide front comes out
complete then do what
the first thing is to remove all
bolt we pull bolt who wants
do is pick up a screwdriver from
final little daughter understood the care to
People are going to come right here in the corner.
here in the corner and boost up
carefully
I managed to get up
You come with your hand slowly or
working up if you crash tv
with the screwdriver and stay inside and
on the outside more a little beauty up
You gotta let go, you're not going to miss it.
alone tac where is the middle speaker
and the support to the eta is released
You came back to rock beauty leaves her.
and come
on the bottom of the box again
underneath you will do what ?
the same procedure on the machine slowly
will suspend for up
slowly he supports the hand and finally one more
little inside
the screwdriver started working there
up to secure support with car
euros and comes with a screwdriver
by pressing up and
top
detail between the wood and the
The lid plastic has a tape that
stay here
this tape she has a problem glue does not
will give no problem with the box
So this tape is down here.
hold the cover
So you have to come slowly pulling
for all the others tape
with the hand of manga and pulling strength to
top
slow what caught the same
procedure comes with the screwdriver
puts down the model and lighter than
drives up wandering and a
turn only at the bottom and
top
the next wave up and could not
to vote the case once until the end of
cornet association here and you the end of
led well below the LED is I have
had released the difficulty is to
Release but as I already released
but I'll show you why
difficulty is as follows
usually these tabs are so tight
understood with the key is the key of
crevice that used the factory on it
you will see that in the middle and will rotate the
key will spin
so you will require us will force it to
Open
She comes, it's not easier to shoot.
understood if she picks up spin on day strength and she
will open the same case if that
also have you line up feather show
like the days here is the plate taken care of
This plate here can break then
tries to give as much support as possible to
force the plate on top and turn it turned if
picks up and pulls down the beauty that the
second part the part of it of the led is
down here
I can start to get up already
Such cover can not work this
that you are here is what is the
dispute and glue
I can take what did not come here in
low can sign for a waza it you
can turn off the LED has for him
move out
the care details that it is already in danger
Anything that falls can be another
talk about your loss then take care of the
People are going to pick up here to shave which is
even with a knife remove all this
speaking that you are protecting here
understood
on the other side behind also dropping here
could take away alan took away alan will you
hold the 2 and is already here now can only
to remove the others the tam has returned
now cleaning
good galera way to do disassembly of
Bay lid will allow dust in case it goes
stay party becomes easier to do
thanks web template x1 for you to do
cleaning her
hug out